# Names, Variables, Code, Functions

Big title, right? I am about to introduce you to the function! Dum dum dah! Every programmer will go
on and on about functions and all the different ideas about how they work and what they do, but I
will give you the simplest explanation you can use right now.

Functions do three things:

1. They name pieces of code the way variables name strings and numbers.
2. They take arguments the way your scripts take argv.
3. Using 1 and 2, they let you make your own “mini-scripts” or “tiny commands.”

You can create a function by using the word def in Python. I’m going to have you make four different
functions that work like your scripts, and then I’ll show you how each one is related.

Let’s break down the first function, print_two, which is the most similar to what you already know from
making scripts:

1. We tell Python we want to make a function using def for “define.”
2. On the same line as def we give the function a name. In this case we just called it “print_two,”
but it could also be “peanuts.” It doesn’t matter, except that your function should have a short
name that says what it does.
3. We tell it we want *args (asterisk args), which is a lot like your argv parameter but for functions.
This has to go inside parentheses to work.
4. We end this line with a : (colon) and start indenting.
5. After the colon, all the lines that are indented four spaces will become attached to print_two.
Our first indented line is one that unpacks the arguments, the same as with your scripts.
6. To demonstrate how it works we print these arguments out, just like we would in a script.

The problem with print_two is that it’s not the easiest way to make a function. In Python we can skip
the whole unpacking arguments and just use the names we want right inside parentheses. That’s what
print_two_again does.

After that you have an example of how you make a function that takes one argument in print_one.

Finally you have a function that has no arguments in print_none.
